We just created this user class with an authentic Cape method where we compare the username and password
to hard coded values.
Let's change this so that the user data is in the database instead.
Here in P HP madmen let's create a user table with three columns.
The first column will be the idae which is an integer.
It's also the primary key.
And will check the arto increment box so that when we insert a value the idea is assigned aftermath.
Then we have the user name which will make a varchar of 20 characters but you can make this longer if
you like.
Let's also add a unique index to this column as we don't want more than one user to have the same username
we want them to be unique.
Next we'll add the password which is also a string varchar and will make this two hundred and fifty
five characters long.
This isn't so that users can have 255 character lunk passwords.
There's another reason for making this field this long.
Which we'll see shortly.
And that's it.
If we click save There's our user table.
Let's add these columns as public properties of the new user class just like we did previously with
the article class will also add p s p duck comments for each one.
The idae user name and password.